//please add your test cases here.


Verify Remove Button: 
	1. Select an Item from the to do list and click on Remove Button 
		: It should remove from the ui
		: Log into database and verify the value is removed from the data base

	2. Select all the items from the do to list and click on remove button
		: Verify it removed all the items from the lists

Verify Complete Button:
	1. Select an item from the to do list and click on the Complete button
		: It should cross out the item in the to do list
		: after completing the task , verify it changes the color 
		: Log into DB and verify it updates the database end point
	2.  Select all the item from the to to list and click on the Complete Button
	3. verify without selecting any item Complete button doesn’t do any changes
	4. Verify select an item once and click on the complete button and then select the same item again and click on the complete button again
		: it should set the value as before (deselected and change the color as well)

Verify the Toggle all Button:
	1. Selecting toggle all check box selects all the times from the to do lists
	2. Deselecting toggle all check box unselects all the items from the to do lists

Verify Advanced :
	1. By clicking on advanced should hide the followings from the UI
		: 1. category 2. Due 3. Add Category 
Verify Add Button:
	1. To Do list:
		: Verify user able to add list by clicking on the add button
		: Verify adding the same to do list shows an error message
		: 
	2. Category:
		: verify users able to add a category
		: verify all the category lists from the drop down lists
		
	3. Due:
		: verify users able to add a due date 
		: verify due date can be only in future date
		: verify selecting past due date shows an error message to the user 
Verify Add Category:
	1. Verify users able to add a new category 
		: adding category should save an entry in the database
	2. Verify duplicate category shows an error message to the user
	3. verify user able to user colors for the new category as well
	4. verify adding the same color for the another category shows an error massage to the user
		:That colour is already being used by: Leisure.

		:Do you want to rename Leisure to AfterWork?

		:Or do you want to add AfterWork and remove the colour of 'Leisure'?

		:Rename the category, Add the category with this colour, Nevermind
Verify Add Category> Rename the category Link:
	1. it should take the user to the main page with highlighted the typed category

Verify Add Category> Add the category with this colour Link:
	1. it should 

Verify Add Category> Nevermind Link:
	1. it should 

Error Message:
	List all the error message that should show the users:

Bugs:
	1. Overdue is not in the category dropdown lists
	2. after typing in the add text box if user enter the “enter/return” button it refresh the page and wiped out all the to do lists(Migt be a browser compability issue/works fine on firefox)
